instructions to clean reset the plugin (#5641)
continuedev/continue: docs/docs/troubleshooting.mdx

For more details about this requirement, see the [LanceDB issue #2195](https://github.com/lancedb/lance/issues/2195).

### How do I reset the state of the extension?

> In cases when you like to clean reset the plugin, you would need to delete the `~/.continue` directory (or `%USERPROFILE%\.continue` on Windows). This will remove all your local settings, sessions, and other customizations. After this you may want to reinstall the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continue stores it's data in the `~/.continue` directory (%USERPROFILE%\.continue` on Windows).

If you'd like to perform a clean reset of the extension, including removing all configuration files, indices, etc, you can remove this directory, uninstall, and then reinstall. 
```
